Update index.md (#16719)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fontface/load/index.md

---
{{APIRef("CSS Font Loading API")}}

The **`load()`** method of the {{domxref("FontFace")}} interface requests and loads a font whose `source` was specified as a URL. It returns a {{jsxref('Promise')}} that resolves with the current `FontFace` object.

> If the `source` for the font face was specified  as binary data, or the font {{domxref("FontFace/status", "status")}} property of the font face is anything other than `unloaded`, then this method does nothing.
> ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `source` for the font face was specified  as binary data, or the font {{domxref("FontFace/status", "status")}} property of the font face is anything other than `unloaded`, then this method does nothing.

## Syntax
```

> The **`load()`** method of the {{domxref("FontFace")}} interface loads a font based on current object's constructor-passed requirements, including a location or source buffer, and returns a {{jsxref('Promise')}} that resolves with the current `FontFace` object.
> 
> > **Note:** The **`load()`** method of `FontFace` forces a url-based font face to request its font data and load. For fonts constructed from binary data, or fonts that are already loading or loaded, it does nothing.
> 

Reviewer: This bit seems strange now: "loads a font based on current object's constructor-passed requirements, including a location or source buffer" - "source buffer" I suppose means binary data, but then in the next paragraph we say it **does nothing** if it was given binary data.

What do you think about:

```suggestion
The **`load()`** method of the {{domxref("FontFace")}} interface requests and loads a font whose `source` was specified as a URL. It returns a {{jsxref('Promise')}} that resolves with the current `FontFace` object.

If the `source` for the font face was specified  as binary data, or the font {{domxref("FontFace/status", "status")}} property of the font face is anything other than `unloaded`, then this method does nothing.
```

Does that seem accurate to you?

Reviewer 2: Of course no problem. I didn't know if I had the right to make changes to the original text, so I simply added a paragraph copied from the W3C.

Reviewer: You can absolutely suggest changes to the text, we do it all the time :).
